like South Africa Indonesia has long
been a vocal supporter of Palestinian
rights but unlike South Africa Indonesia
is not a signatory to the genocide
convention still the Indonesian
government says it fully supports South
Africa's initiative both morally and
politically in February foreign minister
retno marsudi will represent the
Indonesian government at the
international court of justice providing
a statement in support of South Africa's
case
the views and input of international law
experts are needed to build a legal
opinion that is comprehensive and in
accordance with international law to
show the world the blatant violations of
international law that Israel has been
committing against Palestine interal the
foreign minister has repeatedly
expressed disappointment Over The Stance
of many Western countries in their
support of Israel She's accused them of
double standards when it comes to Human
Rights Jessica Washington aler jakata